Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
thank you your majesty
Your Majesty, Your Majesty
promise me a promise
I will ask the emperor to propose
What kind of etiquette should I ask you and me to do? My ancestor Meng Jing wished.
Don't think I'm not your planner
You are now lighting up the rewards from Wangfei
Don’t dare to read the meaning yet
If one day I become angry
I don't know what you will do
Then Chen Jinbian reminded me of my eyesight
I can save me
What can I kill?
If you can't bear it anymore
I don't know how to be
Let him just move from here now
I will never show mercy
birthday life or death